aa's first encounter with life has been
War born in Northern Gaza and only a few
days old she's gone through what no
child should
experience immediately after giving
birth I walked under bombardment with my
newborn daughter and we were exposed to
shells that fell close to us both my
daughter and I fell to the ground in the
street 2 Days Later tanks entered area
bombarding and releasing shells whose
smoke caused severe gas Suffocation for
my
daughter she Heats some water a simple
act transformed into an essential ritual
for preparing her infant daughter's milk
a is not able to breastfeed her child
because she stopped producing milk a
casualty not of nature she says but of
Terror and turmoil brought on by
Israel's Earth strikes and the harrowing
journey of
displacement a doctor who's been
treating her says others here have had
similar experiences there is
no any medical support no
any given to the mother the mother stay
that she cannot breastfeed the child uh
since the birth ER and uh unfortunately
this case is not the only one
in ALA
Hospital AA whose name means a gift in
Arabic starts her life surrounded by
death and with the worsening conditions
in hundreds of makeshift camps across
the Gaza Strip the catastrophic threat
for thousands of newborns is
intensifying families no matter how
willing fall short in providing for the
children Ali Hashim Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer